{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 [\{"name":"Living In Truth","forcedOrder":"201","category":"C. Values Fundamentals","description":"Willing to stand alone and escalate to fight for truth; doesn't shirk personal responsibility. Places truth at the top of values hierarchy; chooses truth when faced with difficult choices (e.g., truth versus kindness).","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.787,"value":"Living In Truth","modifiedDateTime":1386793870.9529998,"id":1\},\{"name":"Driven to Achieve Excellence","forcedOrder":"202","category":"C. Values Fundamentals","description":"Willing to do the difficult things required to manage excellently","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.8,"value":"Driven to Achieve Excellence","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":2\},\{"name":"Learning from Mistakes","forcedOrder":"815","category":"O. Optional","description":"Reflects on pain to produce progress; evolves rapidly by processing mistakes and designing or developing around weaknesses","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.8,"value":"Learning from Mistakes","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":3\},\{"name":"Integrity","forcedOrder":"204","category":"C. Values Fundamentals","description":"Says the same thing as he/she believes or thinks; can present the unvarnished truth; doesn't misrepresent him/herself for personal gain.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.8,"value":"Integrity","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":4\},\{"name":"Managerial Courage","forcedOrder":"816","category":"O. Optional","description":"Willing to do the difficult things required to manage excellently","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.8,"value":"Managerial Courage","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":5\},\{"name":"Principled Machine- & Higher Level Thinking","forcedOrder":"301","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"\\"Higher level is meant to describe the perspective that one gains from seeing the bigger picture by looking down on the whole thing, much like one would describe from going up via Google Maps as distinct from the more micro picture that one gains from goin","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.8,"value":"Principled Machine- & Higher Level Thinking","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":6\},\{"name":"Designing the Movie Script","forcedOrder":"302","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Able to visualize goals and how different people operating with different job designs will move over time toward them; envisions alternative designs; capable of visualizing type of person that's appropriate in each job","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.8,"value":"Designing the Movie Script","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":7\},\{"name":"Matching People to Job Design","forcedOrder":"303","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Can identify the \\"click\\"; chooses the right RPs; accurately determines the values, abilities and skills needed to fulfill responsibilities or comprise a \\"box\\"; creates a very clear mental image of the needed people; has excellent process for determining wh","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.803,"value":"Matching People to Job Design","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":8\},\{"name":"Probing Deeply to know How the Machine is Working","forcedOrder":"304","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Gets a threshold level of understanding; triangulates between parties to get an accurate picture","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.803,"value":"Probing Deeply to know How the Machine is Working","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":10\},\{"name":"Managing rather than micromanaging or failing to manage","forcedOrder":"305","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Micromanaging is telling the people who work for you what tasks to do and/or doing their tasks for them. Not managing is having them do their jobs without your oversight , training and testing. To be successful, you need to manage. That means knowing how","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.803,"value":"Managing rather than micromanaging or failing to manage","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":11\},\{"name":"Fighting to Get in Synch","forcedOrder":"307","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Speaks up when s/he disagrees, sees a better solution, and/or doesn't understand. Perseveres to achieve mutual understanding.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.803,"value":"Fighting to Get in Synch","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":12\},\{"name":"Encouraging others to Probe","forcedOrder":"308","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Actively solicits questions and challenges; is approachable","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.807,"value":"Encouraging others to Probe","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":13\},\{"name":"Proactively making design and people changes","forcedOrder":"817","category":"O. Optional","description":"Quick to get people out of jobs when it is clear that they aren't working out ASAP; quick to change the design when they understand that the current design isn't good enough","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.807,"value":"Proactively making design and people changes","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":15\},\{"name":"Understanding and using Bridgewater principles (or openly questioning them)","forcedOrder":"310","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Effectively applies Principles to the cases at hand, or espouses better approaches","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.807,"value":"Understanding and using Bridgewater principles (or openly questioning them)","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":17\},\{"name":"Understanding and using Bridgewater tools (or openly questioning them)","forcedOrder":"311","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Effectively employs Principled management techniques and tools, or uses better ones","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.807,"value":"Understanding and using Bridgewater tools (or openly questioning them)","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":18\},\{"name":"Escalating when not succeeding","forcedOrder":"312","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Achieves responsibilites or speaks up (early and often)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.807,"value":"Escalating when not succeeding","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":19\},\{"name":"Goal Setting: Strategic Vision","forcedOrder":"101","category":"B. Five Step Process","description":"(ref Principles)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.81,"value":"Goal Setting: Strategic Vision","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":20\},\{"name":"Conceptual Thinking","forcedOrder":"416","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Within the context of setting goals in the 5-step process, what is the level of Conceptual Thinking","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.81,"value":"Conceptual Thinking","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":21\},\{"name":"Synthesizing through time","forcedOrder":"408","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.81,"value":"Synthesizing through time","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":23\},\{"name":"Prioritizing","forcedOrder":"409","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Within the context of setting goals in the 5-step process, what is the level of Prioritization","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.81,"value":"Prioritizing","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":24\},\{"name":"Problems - Perceiving them","forcedOrder":"102.1","category":"B. Five Step Process","description":"(ref Principles)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.81,"value":"Problems - Perceiving them","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":25\},\{"name":"Diagnosing to the Root Cause","forcedOrder":"103","category":"B. Five Step Process","description":"(ref Principles)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.813,"value":"Diagnosing to the Root Cause","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":29\},\{"name":"Logical Reasoning","forcedOrder":"410","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Within the context of diagnosing problems in the 5-step process, what is the level of being hyper-logical","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.813,"value":"Logical Reasoning","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":30\},\{"name":"Willing to Touch the Nerve","forcedOrder":"314","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Within the context of diagnosing problems in the 5-step process, what is the level of willingness to touch the nerve","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.813,"value":"Willing to Touch the Nerve","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":31\},\{"name":"Seeing Multiple Possibilities","forcedOrder":"412","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Within the context of diagnosing problems in the 5-step process, what is the level of seeing multiple possibilities","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.813,"value":"Seeing Multiple Possibilities","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":32\},\{"name":"Designing","forcedOrder":"104","category":"B. Five Step Process","description":"(ref Principles)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.817,"value":"Designing","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":33\},\{"name":"Visualization","forcedOrder":"411","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Within the context of designing solutions in the 5-step process, what is the level of visualization","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.817,"value":"Visualization","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":35\},\{"name":"Practical Thinking","forcedOrder":"413","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Within the context of designing solutions in the 5-step process, what is the level of practicality","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.817,"value":"Practical Thinking","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":36\},\{"name":"Pushing Through to Results","forcedOrder":"105","category":"B. Five Step Process","description":"(ref Principles)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.817,"value":"Pushing Through to Results","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":37\},\{"name":"Self-Discipline","forcedOrder":"807","category":"O. Optional","description":"Within the context of implementing designs in the 5-step process, what is the level of self-discipline","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Self-Discipline","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":38\},\{"name":"Work Habits","forcedOrder":"808","category":"O. Optional","description":"Within the context of implementing designs in the 5-step process, what is the level of good work habits","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Work Habits","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":39\},\{"name":"Results-Orientation","forcedOrder":"809","category":"O. Optional","description":"Within the context of implementing designs in the 5-step process, what is the level of results orientation","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Results-Orientation","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":40\},\{"name":"Proactive","forcedOrder":"810","category":"O. Optional","description":"Within the context of implementing designs in the 5-step process, what is the level of proactiveness","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Proactive","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":41\},\{"name":"Brightness","forcedOrder":"401","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Remembers what was taught; quickly and accurately processes complex information into answers; uses rigorous logic and methods to solve narrow-focus problems.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Brightness","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":42\},\{"name":"Precise and Meticulous Problem Solving","forcedOrder":"820","category":"O. Optional","description":"Uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems, leading to effective solutions.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Precise and Meticulous Problem Solving","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":43\},\{"name":"Linear Thinking","forcedOrder":"402","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Linear Thinking","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":44\},\{"name":"Lateral Thinking","forcedOrder":"403","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Sees ahead clearly; can anticipate future consequences and trends accurately; has broad knowledge and perspective; is future oriented; can articulately paint credible pictures and visions of possibilities and likelihoods; can create competitive and breakth","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.82,"value":"Lateral Thinking","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":45\},\{"name":"Thinking Strategically","forcedOrder":"821","category":"O. Optional","description":"Keeps goals and the movement toward them in mind as the primary objective","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.823,"value":"Thinking Strategically","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":46\},\{"name":"Able to Understand and Navigate Between Levels of Thinking","forcedOrder":"306","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"The ability to think at a given conceptual level yet focus in and operate at the related lower levels when required and then move back to the bigger picture at the higher level, keeping the understanding between levels consistent.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.823,"value":"Able to Understand and Navigate Between Levels of Thinking","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":47\},\{"name":"Synthesizing the situation","forcedOrder":"407","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Effectively sorts through and distills information to extract accurate meaning; connect dots into a representative and accurate picture.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.823,"value":"Synthesizing the situation","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":48\},\{"name":"Knowing what (s)he doesn't know and what to do about it","forcedOrder":"404","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Accurately self-assesses his/her knowledge of what is true/right and effectively minimizes the chances of being wrong through questioning/seeking understanding","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.823,"value":"Knowing what (s)he doesn't know and what to do about it","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":49\},\{"name":"Likes open-ended questions","forcedOrder":"822","category":"O. Optional","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.823,"value":"Likes open-ended questions","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":50\},\{"name":"Creativity","forcedOrder":"405","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Comes up with a lot of new and unique ideas; easily makes connections among previously unrelated notions; tends to be seen as original and value-added in brainstorming settings.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.827,"value":"Creativity","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":51\},\{"name":"Common Sense","forcedOrder":"406","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Achieves a practical understanding of reality and how to effectively deal with it","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.827,"value":"Common Sense","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":52\},\{"name":"Practical","forcedOrder":"823","category":"O. Optional","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.827,"value":"Practical","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":53\},\{"name":"Wise","forcedOrder":"811","category":"O. Optional","description":"Able to weigh pros against cons and make choices that are both practical and principled","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.827,"value":"Wise","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":54\},\{"name":"Learning on the fly","forcedOrder":"824","category":"O. Optional","description":"Learns quickly on the spot. For example, can hear different points of view and synthesize them into a view of what is probably true.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.827,"value":"Learning on the fly","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":55\},\{"name":"Dealing with Ambiguity","forcedOrder":"414","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Can effectively understand shades of differences and vagueness; can shift gears comfortably; can decide and act without having the total picture; isn't upset when things are up in the air; doesn't have to finish things before moving on ; can comfortably ha","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.83,"value":"Dealing with Ambiguity","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":56\},\{"name":"Quick to Learn From Mistakes","forcedOrder":"825","category":"O. Optional","description":"Is quick to learn from mistakes and change for the better.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.83,"value":"Quick to Learn From Mistakes","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":57\},\{"name":"Ability to Self-Assess","forcedOrder":"415","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Possesses good understanding of personal strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and limits; seeks feedback; gains insights from mistakes; is open to criticism; isn't defensive; is receptive to talking about shortcomings; looks forward to balanced (+'s and -","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.83,"value":"Ability to Self-Assess","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":58\},\{"name":"Comfortable accepting what s/he is really like to build on it","forcedOrder":"826","category":"O. Optional","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.83,"value":"Comfortable accepting what s/he is really like to build on it","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":59\},\{"name":"Composed","forcedOrder":"812","category":"O. Optional","description":"Is cool under pressure; does not become defensive or irritated when times are tough; is considered mature; can be counted on to hold things together during tough times; can handle stress; is not knocked off balance by the unexpected; doesn't show frustrati","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.83,"value":"Composed","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":60\},\{"name":"Manages Conflict to get at Truth","forcedOrder":"827","category":"O. Optional","description":"Steps up to conflicts, seeing them as opportunities; reads situations quickly; good at focused listening; can hammer out tough agreements and settle disputes logically.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.833,"value":"Manages Conflict to get at Truth","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":61\},\{"name":"Listens well","forcedOrder":"819","category":"O. Optional","description":"Practices attentive and active listening; thinks of multiple possibilities to understand what others mean.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.833,"value":"Listens well","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":62\},\{"name":"Assertive and Open-Minded at the same time","forcedOrder":"203","category":"C. Values Fundamentals","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.833,"value":"Assertive and Open-Minded at the same time","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":63\},\{"name":"Sizing up People","forcedOrder":"813","category":"O. Optional","description":"Is a good judge of talent; after reasonable exposure, can articulate the strengths and limitations of people inside or outside the organization; can accurately project what people are likely to do across a variety of situations.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.833,"value":"Sizing up People","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":64\},\{"name":"Holding People Accountable","forcedOrder":"315","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Hold people to their commitments; call people to account directly when they fail to meet their responsibilities or escalate","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.833,"value":"Holding People Accountable","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":65\},\{"name":"Empathy","forcedOrder":"417","category":"E. Thinking Qualities","description":"Able to envision yourself accurately in others' shoes","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.837,"value":"Empathy","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":66\},\{"name":"Taking the Bull by the Horns","forcedOrder":"814","category":"O. Optional","description":"Acts promptly and decisively, (esp. in difficult or uncomfortable circumstances)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.837,"value":"Taking the Bull by the Horns","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":67\},\{"name":"Determination","forcedOrder":"801","category":"O. Optional","description":"Pursues responsibilities with energy, drive, and a need to finish; seldom gives up before finishing, especially in the face of resistance or setbacks.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.837,"value":"Determination","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":68\},\{"name":"Process Management","forcedOrder":"802","category":"O. Optional","description":"Good at figuring out the processes necessary to get things done; knows how to organize people and activities; understands how to separate and combine tasks into efficient work flow; knows what to measure and how to measure it; can see opportunities for syn","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.837,"value":"Process Management","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":70\},\{"name":"Time Management","forcedOrder":"803","category":"O. Optional","description":"Uses his/her time effectively and efficiently; values time; concentrates his/her efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.837,"value":"Time Management","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":71\},\{"name":"\\"Cuts Through It\\"","forcedOrder":"309","category":"D. Management Fundamentals","description":"Quickly identifies the heart of the matter; aptly filters out noise to identify the critical idea","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.84,"value":"\\"Cuts Through It\\"","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":72\},\{"name":"Managing Vision and Purpose","forcedOrder":"804","category":"O. Optional","description":"Communicates a compelling vision or sense of core purpose; talks beyond today; talks about possibilities; is optimistic; creates mileposts and symbols to rally support behind the vision; makes the vision shareable by everyone; can inspire and motivate enti","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.84,"value":"Managing Vision and Purpose","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":73\},\{"name":"Developing Others","forcedOrder":"805","category":"O. Optional","description":"Provides challenging and stretching tasks and assignments; holds frequent development discussions; is aware of each person's career goals; constructs compelling development plans and executes them; pushes people to accept developmental moves; will take on","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.84,"value":"Developing Others","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":74\},\{"name":"Motivating Others","forcedOrder":"806","category":"O. Optional","description":"Creates a climate in which people want to do their best; can motivate many kinds of direct reports and team or project members; can assess each person's hot button and use it to get the best out of him/her; pushes tasks and decisions down; empowers others;","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.84,"value":"Motivating Others","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":75\},\{"name":"Skill and Experience Level Relative to the Role Requirements","forcedOrder":"501","category":"F. Technical/Functional Skills","description":"Certain technical skills needed to do the job, e.g.: Subject matter expert, legal, computer systems, etc.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.84,"value":"Skill and Experience Level Relative to the Role Requirements","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":76\},\{"name":"Problems - Not tolerating them","forcedOrder":"102.2","category":"B. Five Step Process","description":"(ref Principles)","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.84,"value":"Problems - Not tolerating them","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":89\},\{"name":"Security Mindedness","forcedOrder":"828","category":"O. Optional","description":"Security minded: Proactively considers security risks, raises issues to right RPs, and fosters secure culture. Handles proprietary material tightly and with discretion.","active":true,"createdDateTime":1378398449.843,"value":"Security Mindedness","modifiedDateTime":1378398448.35,"id":95\},\{"name":"Manages Pain To Produce Progress Vs Pain Stands In The Way Of Progress","forcedOrder":"701","category":"H. Decision Trees","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1386793872.6069999,"value":"Manages Pain To Produce Progress Vs Pain Stands In The Way Of Progress","modifiedDateTime":1386793870.967,"id":102\},\{"name":"Faces \\"Harsh Realities\\" Vs Avoids \\"Harsh Realities\\"","forcedOrder":"702","category":"H. Decision Trees","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1386793872.613,"value":"Faces \\"Harsh Realities\\" Vs Avoids \\"Harsh Realities\\"","modifiedDateTime":1386793870.967,"id":103\},\{"name":"Worries About Achieving The Goal Vs Worries About Looking Good","forcedOrder":"703","category":"H. Decision Trees","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1386793872.613,"value":"Worries About Achieving The Goal Vs Worries About Looking Good","modifiedDateTime":1386793870.967,"id":104\},\{"name":"Makes Decisions Based On 1St 2Nd And 3Rd Order Vs Only On 1St Order","forcedOrder":"704","category":"H. Decision Trees","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1386793872.613,"value":"Makes Decisions Based On 1St 2Nd And 3Rd Order Vs Only On 1St Order","modifiedDateTime":1386793870.967,"id":105\},\{"name":"Holds Themselves Accountable Vs Doesn't Hold Themselves Accountable","forcedOrder":"705","category":"H. Decision Trees","description":null,"active":true,"createdDateTime":1386793872.613,"value":"Holds Themselves Accountable Vs Doesn't Hold Themselves Accountable","modifiedDateTime":1386793870.967,"id":106\}]\par
\par
}
 